# DECemu
Digital, never Compaq or HP, Alpha Emulator

As an ex-DECie, I do not acknowledge the entity that had been Digital Equipment Corporation after being acquired by Compaq and then HP.  Working for DEC was my dream job, and I have never been able to get that same feeling of accomplishment and belonging since.  On January 26th 2018, it will have been 20 years since DEC was acquired by Compaq.  It is a tribute to DEC, and the work environment that was DEC, that has ex-DECies continuing to gather together for reunions and events (see: DEC Connection (http://www.decconnection.org/) for more information).

DEC may have had a number of issues, but one of them was not technology.  To that end, I have been very disappointed in the emulators for the Alpha AXP CPU that are out there.  I have played with most of them and each has some major issues, and none appear to emulate the CPU accurately, and the open source ones have been idled for quite some time or an Alpha implementation still in progress.  I tried to take at least one of these emulators and get it to work, but have only kept running into roadblock after roadblock.  Therefore, I am going to try and implement Yet Another Alpha Emulator.  I have named this emulator, DECemu, in honor of how DEC named many of their products.

For what it's worth, I worked for Digital Equipment Corporation from June 16, 1986 to December 31, 1995 in the IBM Interconnect Group (you have that correct, I work with IBM Mainframes in Digital on their DECnet (then DEC) SNA product set, and are still sold today).  I supported and enhanced most of the layered products for this product set.  I was also the engineer that migrated the product set from just running on VAXes to also running on Alpha AXP.  The first Alpha system I worked on was a DEC 3000 Model 500 (Flamingo), that ran at an incredible 150MHz.  I go back to Maynard quite often and am constantly saddened by the Mill no longer being what it was in the DEC days (though the clock tower is still there).
